[TA] Add pii category to simple api (#19087)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/textanalytics/Azure.AI.TextAnalytics/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 5.1.0-beta.5 (Unreleased)
### New features

> - Added ability to filter the categories returned in a Personally Identifiable Information recognition wiht the parameter `CatgoriesFilter` in `RecognizePiiEntitiesOptions`.

Reviewer: typo 
```suggestion
- Added ability to filter the categories returned in a Personally Identifiable Information recognition with the parameter `CategoriesFilter` in `RecognizePiiEntitiesOptions`.
```

> - Added ability to filter the categories returned in a Personally Identifiable Information recognition wiht the parameter `CatgoriesFilter` in `RecognizePiiEntitiesOptions`.

Reviewer: Also, should we state this is an optional parameter?
